## What is a problem, and what is a solution?

I came across three types of problem we have in this world.
  
1. **Individual problem:** That we think is unique to everyone else. If the individual problems are really heavy, then our life will be about solving them.

2. **World problem:** How people are going crazy for earning money. How millions of labour risk their life just so, you can video call you mother in law, Or I can write this book sitting in the comforts of my blanket. Day by day people are becoming rude, manipulative and selfish. Selling artificial food and milk to have a larger profit margin. We are medically grown to wonders but every person I meet is sick with something. Their is suffering on the streets. Animals are hurting. One country trying to destroy another through economical dominance.

3. **(Technological problems)Physics and math problems:** To proof a theory through a mathematical calculations. Solving an equation. Making a bridge. Making a electric car. Training a large language module. Cutting a tree and making a boat out of it. Thats a problem solving we do on the regular basics, which is also stressful but not a big enough problem that can make us want to end ourself.

### Now, whats the real problem. I am going to use a word and explain it.

Conditioning. This needs, its own chapter, but for now we will define it briefly.

Statement: In the problem solving context. We are `conditioned` to `solve a problem.`

Conditioned means, you put a rule onto a person and then they can't act against that rule.
For example: We condition each other on a daily basis. One of the obvious one is creating boundaries. When you say to your selfish friend that, "from now on I am not going to lend you money, because you don't return it and have the courtesy to ask again and again."
Now, your friend is conditioned, If he want's money, he will ask every one he know but not you, because you have put a condition.
2. Our parent's did this to us. If you are going to get 90% in exams, I am going to get you a toy car, or a bat. Another is, we love you only if you obey us, or do what we want otherwise you are a bad son(conditional). When a kid is grown under the influence of conditional love. He or she lives for achievements, because he is conditioned to be so. He has learned, that he has to use people's desire to get what he wants because his parent's did this to him, and their parents did it to them and he is going to do this to his kids.

For him his life is misery until he achieve something, like getting a high paying job. He obeyed, and now he is happy for a month, he thinks he deserves that. Then their is nothing to achieve, because what their parents wanted was a high paying job, a house, a car and a wife and two kids, and kids means two sons would be better. And by the grace of god, he is able to achieve this absurd expectation.
but what now, he is conditioned and will look for other things to achieve. That's it. Or his time will now be invested in whatever he has gathered, and he is going to treat his boys, the same his parents treated him, because he is conditioned. His life was this way and because he was being conditioned since he came to his senses, he is not aware, that one can be free of this conditioning.

---
So, from childhood we all are conditioned to solve a problem. A person who is conditioned to solve a problem, will find the problem everywhere he or she sees or approaches. you are writing a book and suddenly you find yourself stuck, the book is not going forward, thats a problem and it makes you depress and it makes you restless, How the book is going to end, am I a good writer. List goes on.
---

 But If you are not conditioned to solve a problem then the problem has a totally different meaning. right. When you are writing a book and you are stuck. What will you do, when you are not conditioned to solve a problem. You can't abandon it because you abandon things, that you can not solve.
 So, what is the action when you are stuck. Their is no action. You just see why you are stuck, is the topic am I writing is weak and has no value, thats why the words are not pouring in. Or,  the structure of the topics doesn't make sense and it leads to nothing, that's why I am stuck. 

 ---

 `When you are not conditioned to solve a problem, naturally you look for the cause.`

When you try to proof a theorem, its a problem and needs a solution. When you are making a bridge, to figuring out the connecting angles is a problem to be solved, density of the land, and the angle of the land. Set of complex computational inputs thats needs solutions. How to answer a question. Solve this, solve that. That's our school life. Where we solve questions everyday.
And we use that question solving, problem solving concept in our `Human problem`, same as the guy in the previous example was automatically conditioned to use people's desire for what he wanted. Because his parents did it to him, if he has the desire to play with a bat, he has to score 90% in exams. That's a year of cramming physics, chemistry, math for a bat so, that he can finally have the fun he was looking for.

You see the problem, now he will use other's people desire to get what he want. For say her wife want's a saree for herself, she is a conservative girl whose father made her loose her job and get her married against her will. Now she finally learned to settle and accept her misery and she ask's her conditioned husband for a saree. He is going to use this opportunity for his gain. He is not evil, he is just conditioned. Thats why we see people doing horrible things to other people and they don't even realize, Because they are conditioned.

`So, same as we are conditioned to solve a problem, we learned to solve a math problem and we try to solve everything else as a math problem, and we don't question this process because we are unconsciously conditioned`

## so, what is a solution.

We know, a math problem can be solved using different set of formulas.

But what about human problem, how can we solve that. So, first we should know what is a human problem. Does't it even exist, or human problem is another illusion. Let me show you.
### Example:
1. We want to loose weight. so, what happened here is that we recognize a problem, loosing weight for whatever reason, Now because it a problem, our conditioning compels us to do something about it.
* We go to the gym, or order few gym equipments for home.
* we start different type of diet.
* We calculate our calory intake.
* We follow fitness channel on instagram.

Things goes as you plan, and then after a week everything dies down. The gym equipments just lies their gathering dust, You are having your cheese pizza. Scrolling through social media. This cycle goes for years. This happens because life is not a math problem to solve.
----
Now, suppose you are not conditioned to solve a problem. Now, when real problem comes, what will you do. (problem being you feel discomfort, so i am calling it real problem, which you do nothing about.)
Now, again. you are fat for years, or a year. At this moment you want to loose weight. What will happen if, its not a problem for you. Naturally, you will not solve it. You will look at it, as you look when you read a book. You will look at. Why you want to loose weight, if its not a problem. Right.
If you have looked, you will find these reasons:
1. you look at a hot desirable man, or a women somewhere in a mall or instagram and you desire to spent the night with them, and be with them. Then you look at yourself saying, I should loose weight and be fit.( if you see this, what will happen. You will know things about yourself, that to be with a hot women you have to be equally hot or fit. That's a natural desire, but it will died down early, because as this desire feels good, eating that cheese pizza will feel equally good, then all the desire will just be a way to another pleasure. you know Day dreaming is also a pleasure, where you see yourself as someone and feel happy about it)

2. Again, the desire comes, that you want to loose weight, because you are not conditioned to solve a problem, you will naturally see, where is this coming from.
What you see this time is that you can't even walk a kilometer, because you feel sharp pain in your lower back. You can't breath rightly, you have rashes because your thighs are fat. Your skin is oily, and breakout in pimple. You are always constipated. Your heart has to work harder for you and it gives uncomfortable feeling in your chest. After seeing these thing, what will you do. Because you don't know anything about solving problem. What will you do. The only option left is you, again see closely what are the reason, I am getting like this, What I do in a day, that resulted in this, that makes you body uncomfortable. Won't you remove the things that makes you this way. Not even fat, you don't care if you are fat. You just needs to be healthy. If you get thin with it, that a bonus.

`Human problem is always going back to the roots, not hindu roots, not christian roots, but roots of a conscious human being.`

Their is nothing to be solved, just seeing shit and removing it, because your conscious being compels you to be that way.

---
The second point where you are getting conscious of what have you made that way, weak heart, fat thighs, constipation, even after realizing these things about your body, you are going to eat that pizza again and again. Now, you are not conditioned to solve a problem, what will you do. When you see, that your body is weak as fuck, constipated as fuck, you still reach for that pizza. What will you do. You again will look at why am I eating it again and again, and you will find the cause, what ever it is, you will find it because you are not busy in, un-installing the domino's app. Playing bet with people that if you eat pizza, you have to pay them a thousand dollar. Or what ever you do to quit things. All you have to do is face every bump and fucking eradicate the cause of it.

## SO, lets talk about map of yourself.
Suppose you were at home,(where suffering is not), but people born before you, carried you far away, and they were consistent sons of bitches, they spent decades to move you far away(conditioned you heavily). At this very moment you realize, something is wrong every year, your suffering is growing.(you realize you are conditioned).
Now, you begin you journey back home(un-condition yourself). But the question is how, and how the fuck you know, how to un-condition yourself.

As, I said. If you are not conditioned to solve a problem, everything discomfort, every misery, every bit of suffering is a window to you soul, where suffering ceases. I did it the hard way. Facing discomfort again and again, until I understand it. 
Thats, why I am writing this book, to point out my finding with you, so that you can also un fuck yourself.

---

Next chapter is about conditioning. we will look at it a bit deeply.