Solns/2.conditioning.md, before:

Pain and suffering are like the kiss of jesus. Said mother teresa.
What people did listening to this is, when ever their kid got hurt or wounded, they use this sentence as an aid, to calm down the kid, never looking at the absurdity of this sentence.
If jesus loves everyone equally why pain and suffering is like a kiss, not love and laugh, but no one asks that question. Because they are conditioned to not question the authority figure from the childhood. Don't talk back, don't raise voice, [Don't say odd shit](https://youtu.be/dJZwnovUkDE?t=10). Don't ask questions.
I hope mother teresa had explained why she made that sentence, this way.
  
### Let's break this condition and ask ourself this question.
   
Why she said pain and suffering are like the kiss of jesus. The fact is she is dead. What option do we have, lets ask ourself. What's their in pain thats equal to  jesus kiss.
When you are in pain, not physical, but mental pain. We don't suffer outside. The rainy day is not melancholic. When you are melancholic,  torrential rain before a pale sky adds up to the mood.
So, when you are suffering and you don't try to solve it, because you don't know what solving problem is regarding human problems. You simply look at it and see the cause and eradicate it because you are not stuck in solving it. And when you do it enough time then no amount of suffering can touch you and that's equal to jesus kiss. or krishna kiss. Whose ever kiss you want.
---
We are getting there. Isin't this exciting.

---

### More about conditioning:

You can't escape conditioning, its their in everyone no-matter who you are, you yourself condition yourself by following self imposed rules, and that fine, they are there to ease your day, and you can change them if you want to, you are not attach to them. You know that these rules are their for you, you are not going to impose them onto anyone.

For say, you make a rule for yourself that you have planed you weakly meals and you are not going to decide everyday what you are going to eat. Now, did you imposed this rule because your job require you to to take multiple decisions and fixing your meal for everyday is the best option to take because now you have to take one less decision. Thats fine because this comes out of necessity.   
Now, if you are doing this because you father used to do this , or you grandfather and you are following that, then its a problem. Why are you doing this, for what reason, are you conditioned, can you not do it. That's the best way to check if you are conditioned or not, just try to not do the things you usually do. You will discover things about yourself. Because.

Their are two type of conditioning.
1. Conditioning that makes you suffer.
2. Conditioning that keeps you sane, happy.
  
you are conditioned to read a book an hour before going to sleep. Now, your sleep depend on this one hour of reading, and you don't realize that because you have no problem with it. Yet you are conditioned in good way. Try to not do it and you will see, how your brain will fight to read that book.

Another simple way to check in the time of 2025 is, try to see if you can stay away from your mobile phone. I am not talking about that, when you are immersed and lost in your work that you don't use your phone at all. I am talking about keeping the mobile phone, screen down, full volume, and you are going to sit for 20 minutes staring at the phone. See you brain go crazy and compulsive. Every notification will play you like a keyboard. Ones you see what mobile phone is doing to you on a daily basic, you don't have to uninstall instagram to avoid it. You will simply avoid it because you know the effect now and how it's fucks your brain up and made you hyperactive.

> So, you will look for conditioning that makes you suffer to end the cause but you will avoid the ones that gives you pleasure. But conditioning is conditioning. To condition yourself is to limit yourself.
  
 You could do a thousand things, a hour before you go to bed, so what you choose to do depends on the condition that you have set for yourself, if its needed then no problem, you have set it and if you don't need it you can remove the condition because you are conscious about it. 


But see for yourself, when you finish a book and pick another one. If you are conditioned to read, the gap will make you restless and miserable, until you find another book to read. 
Hell, I was restless if I didn't write something in a day. And he is also [click here](https://youtu.be/myrRBNHswfQ?t=23). I used to feel restless, when I didn't write because It used to make me happy, fulfilled, those moment of constant flow, and the process of creation, It just felt right, like a drug that I had to had, No matter what. I was dependent on it. So, when it was not their naturally it's going to produce misery.

SO, again we pursue pleasure and avoid pain by pursuing pleasure or pursuing our collecting pleasure. You see the loop now, can we say that the activity that gives us most pleasure are the cause of misery, when the pleasure is not there.

Same goes for smoker, its a deadly trap smoking, you start if for fun and then you depend on it, when every thing goes to shit you smoke and it gives you the the chemicals that needed for you to feel together, its one solution to every problem. When you are suffering, smoking can work as a relief. And when you are happy its also helps in uplifting that happy feeling even more. You depend on it totally. And then the time comes when you start to have physical symptoms of sickness from smoking. Bad breath, dark circles, weak mind and body. Easily tired, or all day tiredness, weak eyesight. fevers, cold and running nose. Weak lungs, loss of sense of smell and taste and many more and a smoker being aware of it still smokes. Because when he is miserable his only pleasure is to smoke. So, when he thinks about quitting smoking and forces himself to quit, he end up smoking more because he is so dependent on it that, the source of pain is the source of pleasure. 
  
You smoke, you go in guilt, as you should stop, and you feel bad so you smoke more, and you again go in guilt, and then you feel bad , then you again smoke more. The smoke is the deadliest trap, Because its easily available. Its a death loop.

Now, same with everything, you remove the smoke with the thing you are dependent on for pleasure, lets say put girlfriend in the place of smoke, its the same mechanism.

When the pleasure is not their, pain is.

Commit message:

Next is confronting pain and suffering.

Solns/2.conditioning.md, after:

Pain and suffering are like the kiss of jesus. Said mother teresa.
What people did listening to this is, when ever their kid got hurt or wounded, they use this sentence as an aid, to calm down the kid, never looking at the absurdity of this sentence.
If jesus loves everyone equally why pain and suffering is like a kiss, not love and laugh, but no one asks that question. Because they are conditioned to not question the authority figure from the childhood. Don't talk back, don't raise voice, [Don't say odd shit](https://youtu.be/dJZwnovUkDE?t=10). Don't ask questions.
I hope mother teresa had explained why she made that sentence, this way.
  
### Let's break this condition and ask ourself this question.
   
Why she said pain and suffering are like the kiss of jesus. The fact is she is dead. What option do we have, lets ask ourself. What's their in pain thats equal to  jesus kiss.
When you are in pain, not physical, but mental pain. We don't suffer outside. The rainy day is not melancholic. When you are melancholic,  torrential rain before a pale sky adds up to the mood.
So, when you are suffering and you don't try to solve it, because you don't know what solving problem is regarding human problems. You simply look at it and see the cause and eradicate it because you are not stuck in solving it. And when you do it enough time then no amount of suffering can touch you and that's equal to jesus kiss. or krishna kiss. Whose ever kiss you want.
---
We are getting there. Isin't this exciting.

---

### More about conditioning:

You can't escape conditioning, its their in everyone no-matter who you are, you yourself condition yourself by following self imposed rules, and that fine, they are there to ease your day, and you can change them if you want to, you are not attach to them. You know that these rules are their for you, you are not going to impose them onto anyone.

For say, you make a rule for yourself that you have planed you weakly meals and you are not going to decide everyday what you are going to eat. Now, did you imposed this rule because your job require you to to take multiple decisions and fixing your meal for everyday is the best option to take because now you have to take one less decision. Thats fine because this comes out of necessity.   
Now, if you are doing this because you father used to do this , or you grandfather and you are following that, then its a problem. Why are you doing this, for what reason, are you conditioned, can you not do it. That's the best way to check if you are conditioned or not, just try to not do the things you usually do. You will discover things about yourself. Because.

Their are two type of conditioning.
1. Conditioning that makes you suffer.
2. Conditioning that keeps you sane, happy.
  
you are conditioned to read a book an hour before going to sleep. Now, your sleep depend on this one hour of reading, and you don't realize that because you have no problem with it. Yet you are conditioned in good way. Try to not do it and you will see, how your brain will fight to read that book.

Another simple way to check in the time of 2025 is, try to see if you can stay away from your mobile phone. I am not talking about that, when you are immersed and lost in your work that you don't use your phone at all. I am talking about keeping the mobile phone, screen down, full volume, and you are going to sit for 20 minutes staring at the phone. See you brain go crazy and compulsive. Every notification will play you like a keyboard. Ones you see what mobile phone is doing to you on a daily basic, you don't have to uninstall instagram to avoid it. You will simply avoid it because you know the effect now and how it's fucks your brain up and made you hyperactive.

> So, you will look for conditioning that makes you suffer to end the cause but you will avoid the ones that gives you pleasure. But conditioning is conditioning. To condition yourself is to limit yourself.
  
 You could do a thousand things, a hour before you go to bed, so what you choose to do depends on the condition that you have set for yourself, if its needed then no problem, you have set it and if you don't need it you can remove the condition because you are conscious about it. 


But see for yourself, when you finish a book and pick another one. If you are conditioned to read, the gap will make you restless and miserable, until you find another book to read. 

## You are conditioned to follow rules:

You want to follow what elder say. Or you want to follow what your ideal say and you shit you elders to let you be free because the elders are not the ideal anymore. So, they have no-important place in the decision you make. But, it changes nothing for you even though you feel you have grown, you still follow the new ideal people, from the internet or the self help books.
And by the grace of god or anyhow you don't follow anyone of them, you impose rules upon yourself then follow it. (we will talk about it in the next solutions.
)

Lets recap:
 1. We learned to solve maths problem in school and started using the same approach in our daily human problem, result of it is when ever `discomfort`or any type of `suffering` came to us we tried to solve it as we solve the math problems using different set of rules and formulas.

2. suddenly knowing this we realize that we are `conditioned` to solve human problems like a math problem. `Conditioning` means the `rules` that are imposed on us by `ourself` or by `people around us`.    

So, what does a mind do when when its face with real problem, he simply look at it, what's the discomfort is and find the cause and close the tap and wash the shit.(you can only find the cause if you are not busy in solving it. can you do it.)
3. Pain and suffering are like the kiss of god(safe word), face it, look at it like you look at when you read a book, see what the cause is.-- Lbert Kamu.   

another small example: The solution of human problem is this, suppose your house is filled with water and you go restless and started wiping it and you spent your whole day, but the water is keep coming. You ar tired and your muscles are aching. Then your better half came home and asked you about the water and you told him or her your story, and then he or she told you that did you close the tap first, the source.  
You thought, shit, thats obvious, its was their in-front of me all along, all I had to....you get the point right, that's important.

Next is: confronting pain and suffering. what is it. (experience problem. Problem of desire--- dis-satisfaction vs desire. different side of same coin) reality vs desire. loneliness, boredom,
      who is responsible for all this is thought. that we all have.
