Let's recap a bit: 
1. Pleasure feels good and nothing is wrong with that, we are born with it.
2. But when human problem comes, we chase pleasure because pleasure feels good and naturally we take it as a solution or we assume it as a perfect solution, because we are conditioned to solve a human problem like a math problem, even though we are weak at maths. I know, right(laugh emoji). We are not been able to solve it now, no matter how much pleasure we chase. It solves it for a while, but then again the pain and misery comes at your door step. and now you are stuck in a cycle of pain and pleasure. Happiness and sadness till the day you die, and you accept this as the reality and make quotes like.

`To live is to suffer and to survive is to find meaning in that suffering. by- whoever wrote it.`

But really its not like this, this above is an absurd statement. Lets come to solutions.

1. Again an again we are confronted with loops. Right. And we know a loop is going round and round in circle or that infinite symbol or that snake eating its on tail. Whatever it is its a loop.

What happens when we don't chase pleasure(we don't look for solution). We look at what's happening and discover the loop. The loop being. 
1. If the more happy you are, the more sad you can become if the source of happiness is remover or taken.
2. The more pain you are in, the more happy you can become if we eradicate the source of pain.

So, what's happening here. In the first point you are at your peak happiness and that happiness is coming from a source, maybe you startup got the funding, or You got the job

And in the second point is, you are in deep pain because after you got the funding and after seeing the market potential of you idea, google decided to make something even better by finding loopholes in the legal system so that you could not fight the case and win it and you are fucked. And you are in deep pain.

So, we can say that the source of happiness and source of pain can be the same.

You want to be rich. You are suffering because you are not rich, but if you become rich. you are happy. See, the source is same. That you want to be rich.

Another simple example. You buy an iphone, you are happy. If by mistake you drop it and the screen is shattered, you will experience a deep pain. The iphone is the source of suffering and the source of joy.

another one you want to meditate, but these thoughts are bothering you, you feel discomfort the you can't meditate. If a thought doesn't come for ten second you become happy, and when it comes again you become agitated. The source of pain and happiness is the same you want to meditate.

## So, what are these wants that are causing these suffering and happiness.

We need to talk about it. Because suppose, you friend's startup led him to go bankrupt. You are not miserable, you are sad for him but not miserable. Why. 

Your friend's new iphone is broke, you are not miserable. Why.

You are not attached to your friend's startup, their is no reason, for you to be sad. you are not attach to your friend's iphone, you don't really care, what happens to that iphone.

## Lets come to the main point.

We discovered that the source of pain and the source of happiness is the same, its a fact. check it in your life. You can believe whatever you want but fact will remain because it exist without you existing.

So, what are the common human problem we face in our daily life, that makes us miserable or uncomfortable. we will see then with examples.
1. loneliness 
2. Boredom
3. Anger
4. Jealousy
5. Envy
6. greed
7. Dis-satisfaction.

Human problems are simply exist in the spectrum of different shade of loops. and in loops of human problem the solution and the problem has the same cause. Seeing the cause will reveal things about the problem. (What what will I do after seeing the cause question for enext chapter.)
