# Basic **MAP** of *Being Human*:
Writing about the Human psyche in itself is a grandiose task and It was the case that I struggled to begin with. I didn't knew where to begun. I remembered the day When everything was going wrong in my life and I sat down, closed my eyes, not meditating but watching the thoughts and thinking, what the fuck is going wrong. What I did, I begin to see repetitive thoughts appearing in my mind and I begun to solve them one by one. That was the week that I started to see the patterns In my mind,How repetitive they are and It took me at least 10 years to truly see and understand how my mind was working on the basic level. On the basic level all our mind works in a similar manner. Its an organic machine and God must have given us a manual in the beginning that manu or adam or eve might have lost, Because If I knew the manual then I would know how to function, sanely. I wondered for a while and I must admit that I felt like a fool when I discoverd that I don't really need the manual because do you think a new tv needs a manual to know how it functions. But we layman needs the manual for the tv because we are not a TV. Right. Then why we need the manual for ourself, because we are we and we should know who we are and how we function because we are we. And If we are we, what stops us from knowing ourself.
Please read all the chapters, I know, It sounds stupid but its a serious question.
So, when I put this question to myself, Things began to change for me, I began to see thing that are absolutely true and no one can deny it.
I think we should start by agreeing to these facts that we know truly exist and no one can deny it. Fact like A dog exist and it barks. No, one can deny it.
Lets go deeper.

1.  We have to first realize the fact that our creator(god) haven't born us with anything, but a blank slate; Who is intelligent enough to figure everything by himself. In simple terms, when we are born, we know nothing. We take in visuals of the hospital, the beeping, The flickering of light, and weird giant men and women carrying us in their arms, making weird sounds. We know nothing about the world. We also know that we go to school to learn everything.

2. Another fact is you can not be what you are not allowed to be. We as a species became conscious maybe by mistake, while eating mind expanding mushroom or mating with an advanced alien species, or by evolution, we are not sure but the fact remains that we grew conscious. We are conscious beings, who can look up and wonder and ask "Who the fuck created us." We can ask this question and animals can't so we as a species are alone and conscious and the more we try to answer who created us by understanding the creation, we have discovered the quantum realm to a single atom and as far as the observable universe goes, but this aloneness grows and grows the more we try to answer this question who created us and what is creation?. We are conscious, and we have discoverd a great many thing about creation but question remains what to do with this consciousness, or with this conscious being, does conscious means I need to built bridges for the car to ride in, or a complex game like chess to keep me and my friends busy or exploring earth like the royal geographical society, or rot behind this ugly cubical my whole life. So, what one to do when one see's that one is a conscious being. Don't you think this confusion is the cause of all the suffering. so, We should ask ourself what is this consciousness we are born with. No other being on this planet share this unique happening. To understand consciousness we need to understand what species is created out of it, because you are the result of this consciousness and knowing yourself will reveal the content of this consciousness that we commonly share.


 3. So, we grew conscious, and no one asked us if we ever wanted to be conscious, but we are here. Then all the history happened, we created language and discovered mysticism, we began the war, claiming god given land for ourself. Kingdoms slit through glory and decayed through time. Monarchism. Communism. Democracy. CAPITALISM happened and we are here in our cubical, in a petty little office, on the verge of suicide, living mechanically, slaving for corporations, screaming for the artificial intelligence. From eating shrooms to creating our own artificial intelligence. How crazy it sounds. Yet this long long progress of mankind flowering to this, we still SUFFER, we want to end this life, because we don't find meaning in the current existence, and we end up wondering only if I had the manual for a human as if how to really function it would be great because of hundreds of self claiming authoritarian who assume authority because they think they know everything confuses you even further and you find yourself at the end of a rope, inch away from loosing your mind. You follow hundred rules given by hundred fools. You add and add to your rules but one thing remains that you suffer, and thats a **BIG SUFFER.** [This](https://youtu.be/p93w7MpbZRw?t=4) is my one of the favorite dialogue, I like from a movie.


## lets come to individual problems.

Remember the third line from top. ` We can not be what we are not allowed`. We need to talk about it more.
* We grew conscious, without our asking, something allowed us to be conscious. *We have no say in it*
* We as an individual are born, without our asking. POOF. One day we are born into this chaos. *We have no say in it*
* WE DIE, Thats a total fact, we can die any time, I can die while typing this. *We have no say in it*

SO, another fact is that we all are born equally and with a blank slate. You grow up and become something, the things fed to you by the ideology you born around to. **joke alert:** if you are a hindu you respect and pray to cow, and seeing that muslims also wanted to respect cow, but hindus wouldn't allow it, so muslims choose to hate pig. they said, you love cow, so we will hate pigs and then suddenly a britisher came and said, ok hindu loves cow, and muslim hates pig. so what should we do, and then he said that they will eat both of them the cow and the pig, a chinese man was listening to the conversation with a cooked lizard in his mouth. He slurps the tail in, as he hides back.**please laugh, I hope it lands.**
You were born blank, and fed shit by the people around you, and we can't be sure when things went to shit. but because we all were born blank and we feed each other shit because everyone is suffering with something or the other. It means that the system that we feed to newborns are faulty and no one is asking or talking about the faulty system. What we are teaching to our kids in school and why are we preparing them for a job or for the world so that they can be whatever their vocation allow them to be, what exactly we are getting taught, who are these people who are teaching us, the same people who need to pay their loan, clear there debt, how do we decide who is the right person to teach? ask yourself, look around and you will see whats going on.

so, we were born blank. now let that sink in. now, if you realize this. we could conclude that our creator made us that way because he was sure that we could figure everything out by ourself. The question is why haven't we have figured it out? first thing we should be doing is looking what the fuck is going on.

now, lets begin to see whatever shit we have gather. Its the same shit that we commonly share just in different shades, and because we have shit in different shade no-one can help you but yourself, but one can point out things for you to see if something similar exist in you so that you can eradicate it. Only you can clear your shit by knowing the basics about every shit, so that you can recognize it and negate it. (sorry for so much shit-shit but its the best description for the things I want to discuss, shit is something we don't want to step onto, but when we find it smear on ourself we want to take a quick bath, so shit is a cool metaphor for anything that not needed or utterly stupid)
The moment you think something is shit, the negation always happen by itself.
so,lets go to the next chapter.
If you have read this far, I hope you read it to the end, because keeping something as an information works like seed even if you don't agree with it now, in future when a life event happens you will have all the information regarding that event and everything will make sense in an instant because a quality of being a conscious being is we are great at recognizing and connecting patterns.

                                                            Writer:
                                                            Lbert Kamu




