conclusion and truth.md, before:

## Conclusion and truth.
Now we are begining to dig the surface. so, first we should define what is conclusion and what is truth.

---

### conclusion:
``` It is something that is different for different people.``` For example see this video(for hindi speakers only): [click here](https://www.youtube.com/shorts/Bxq7oRHHxLs)

### Truth:
``` It is something that stays the same, it doesn't change just because you think so.```

``` 
You draw the conclusion, whereas you discover the truth, because the truth exist without you, and conclusions are based on the experiences we have as an individual.

```

## Story of truth through an example:-

When we started to gather around we automatically discovered counting numbers. Really we don't know when we begun counting numbers. We startred gatherign cattles, and started to cultivate the food and naturally we started to ask ourself, what is the area of land where we keep our cattle, and a genius made a meter long and meter wide square with choping wood and started to measure the area of the land counting 1 square, 2 square.... bending down again and again, by the evening when people gathered to see this fool. The sun was sliting down, our guy was in sweat and was about to complete his round. The sun went down when he got up with an aching back, and screamed his lung out that the land is 550 meter^2^  (because the square from wood was 1 meter by 1 meter so its meter X meter = meter^2^ ) And every one clapped,jumped, and howled it's weird but they are early humans so its common practice. And our guy just calculated the area of the given land, but his happiness was ended early, that is for few days he enjoyed the company of best females and best of the fresh food. Until another guy who looked at the length and breadth of the same land, because he was intrigued by the idea that a meter by meter is a meter square and the whole land is measured with meter by meter square. So, what will happen if he multiply the total length of the land with its breadth. and the moment he multiplied it the answer came the same as the guy who took all of his day measuring the land. He got up in frenzy and spread his discovery all over the place. All the glory left the guy who measurd it manually and gathered around the guy who simply multiplied it. Now, he was the happy one.


---


500 years after that, someone asked about the area of circle. He asked that we are able to find the area of a land but what about circle. And he begun his expeiment, the civilization is far modern now, they have invented the wheel. And our guy have it. What he did was he marked a straight line on the top side of the wheel. he measured the wheele diameter and he rolled the wheel on the brown soil, from the tip where he marked the initial line to it's other end, which left the mark on the land, which he calculated. which we call A circumfrence now. after measuring multiple size of the wheel he discovered a magical truth about the mathematics. He discovered that when we divide the circumfrence of a circle with its diameter we get the value of 3.14 which is the value for pi, its a constant number no mater the scale of a circle. Even if you take the orbit of our planet around the sun, it will also has the same number. 
The discovery took hundred's of years for us to discover, and we today have it on a single page of the textbook. Don't you think its amazing.
I am giving this math example because this book is the example of truth related to human existence and there sufferning. And I dont want to touch the suffering part yet in this chapter. So bear with it.

## Story of conclusion througn an example.

gendun chophel.

Commit message:

conclusion and truth chapter  done.

conclusion and truth.md, after:

## Conclusion and truth.
Now we are begining to dig the surface. so, first we should define what is conclusion and what is truth.

---

### conclusion:
``` It is something that is different for different people.``` For example see this video(for hindi speakers only): [click here](https://www.youtube.com/shorts/Bxq7oRHHxLs)

### Truth:
``` It is something that stays the same, it doesn't change just because you think so.```

``` 
You draw the conclusion, whereas you discover the truth, because the truth exist without you, and conclusions are based on the experiences we have as an individual.

```

## Story of truth through an example:-

When we started to gather around we automatically discovered counting numbers. Really we don't know when we begun counting numbers. We startred gatherign cattles, and started to cultivate the food and naturally we started to ask ourself, what is the area of land where we keep our cattle, and a genius made a meter long and meter wide square with choping wood and started to measure the area of the land counting 1 square, 2 square.... bending down again and again, by the evening when people gathered to see this fool. The sun was sliting down, our guy was in sweat and was about to complete his round. The sun went down when he got up with an aching back, and screamed his lung out that the land is 550 meter^2^  (because the square from wood was 1 meter by 1 meter so its meter X meter = meter^2^ ) And every one clapped,jumped, and howled it's weird but they are early humans so its common practice. And our guy just calculated the area of the given land, but his happiness was ended early, that is for few days he enjoyed the company of best females and best of the fresh food. Until another guy who looked at the length and breadth of the same land, because he was intrigued by the idea that a meter by meter is a meter square and the whole land is measured with meter by meter square. So, what will happen if he multiply the total length of the land with its breadth. and the moment he multiplied it the answer came the same as the guy who took all of his day measuring the land. He got up in frenzy and spread his discovery all over the place. All the glory left the guy who measurd it manually and gathered around the guy who simply multiplied it. Now, he was the happy one.


---


500 years after that, someone asked about the area of circle. He asked that we are able to find the area of a land but what about circle. And he begun his expeiment, the civilization is far modern now, they have invented the wheel. And our guy have it. What he did was he marked a straight line on the top side of the wheel. he measured the wheele diameter and he rolled the wheel on the brown soil, from the tip where he marked the initial line to it's other end, which left the mark on the land, which he calculated. which we call A circumfrence now. after measuring multiple size of the wheel he discovered a magical truth about the mathematics. He discovered that when we divide the circumfrence of a circle with its diameter we get the value of 3.14 which is the value for pi, its a constant number no mater the scale of a circle. Even if you take the orbit of our planet around the sun, it will also has the same number. 
The discovery took hundred's of years for us to discover, and we today have it on a single page of the textbook. Don't you think its amazing.
I am giving this math example because this book is the example of truth related to human existence and there sufferning. And I dont want to touch the suffering part yet in this chapter. So bear with it.

## Story of conclusion througn an example.

Gendun chophel. He is really insiprational for me, because of him I get to know something very profound.We will talk about it in further chapters.
He was a monk in tibet looking for divine experiences and enlightnment and he became a schollar and a poet who is able to get his work published. So, when he visited the west and because the influence of some pervert men he find himself in a brothel with a glass of whiskey. You know what went through that night Gendun chophel indulged in alcohol and sex. And you know what he wrote the next day.
```"Sex and alchol is the closest thing to divine, and every one should live  a sensory life first."```

Yo see the problem right, someone like this monk, divine is something which is going to give ultimate pleasure. And we are going to talk about pleasure in the coming chapter, its going to blow you mind. 

Gendun chophel, if you don't believe me here is the link to his wikipedia page. [Read for yourself](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gendün_Chöphel)

So, in mathematics our genius people discoveres the magic numbers and there relations, they didnt made it up. Its like mankind is able to get the rough copy of creation, where we have all the truth scattered for us to make sence of it.

Whereas, Gendun Chophel living the life of a monk, indulged in sex and alchol for the first time in later life, made it his truth and at the end died in a brothel. He died a happy man, but from our eyes, he was a bastard who indulges in filthy activity and couldn't find love. IF you didn't understand, he made a conclusion about what divine is and lived according to it.
Where as, an early genius disovered that circumfrence/diameter = pi. Try to disproof that. He didn't made conclusion but observed a pattern and discovered the truth. Which existed all along for him to discover. 
So, in this book we are going to discover truth about the human existence, how we are able to discover the truth, why cant a dog discover the same truth like we can. Why are we allowed to discover the patterns in this universe. For what purpose.
(write a chapter on the importance of the observation in one chapter.)
