experience.md, before:

lets begin from the begining, from the day we are born.
As we popped out into the world and first thing that happens with us is we experience the existence. All the beep from the monitors and the alien native words, eyes squinting from the tublight, the buzzing electricity in the wires, or the warmth of our mother's comforting voice, everything we experience we experience for the first time. So, Experience is the first thing we should talk about.

### What is experience?
We are born with five senses. That is taste, smell, touch, sound, and see. that is common among every one of us. Now, Experience happen through these god given senses. 
* Anything that is displeasing to our senses is a bad experiences for eg. Screaming, silent farts, hugs, domino's, wet shit under the toilet lid in a public bathroom.
* Anything pleasing to our senses is a good experience. For eg, Sex, beer, aromas, good music.

Our life revolve around satisfying these senses. Because when something satisfy our senses it gifts us with a feeling of pleasure, you know pleasure right, tingling in the heart, the vibrant sensation, that outbursting energy, when you feel you are the king, when you suddenly starts to sing, when your mouth starts to water when the waitress is bringing you your pizza, yes that wholesome feeling, and when someting dis-satisfy our senses it makes everything dull for us and we avoide this dulness all our life. Dulness can be many things and its a safe word, you should see for yourself what happens when something displeases your senses. first we run towards safe pleasures to avoide these feelings that comes when something displeases your senses, and i am dead sure you don't know what is the feeling that happens when something displeases your senses because we collectively avoide them by the instant pleasures. some mignt smoke, some might jerkoff, some might doom scroll on the social media or watch a comfort movie. anything to avoide that dreadful feeeling.

so, experience is the product of the input that is given to your five senses. and to gather experience all you have to do is live, and by living ,different type of situation will decides what kind of experience you have.
for example: Someone sneeses, we say bless you. During corona, someone sneezed and we say fuck you, pull your mask up or fucking stay in the house.
See, different type of situation makes a experience bad or good.
for example, a girl of your liking kissing you is a pleasing experience, but a bummer from the street kisses you and run is a traumatic experience or bad experience.
experience is past.s

suppose, you are in a house party, finally in a room with a girl you want, and you are about to kiss for the first time and when you were kissing, few bullies came and gabbed you and pulled down your pant, leaving you butt naked in the hall with you hand ties to your back, and no one is helping you, and you cry, cry and cry until you are scarred from inside. 
Now, every time you kiss in the future, you will remember at that exact moment of you kissing that waht happened to you back then, because that was a bad experiene.
now, if for straight ten times you were bullied anytime you try to kiss, you will start to hate kissing and you will avoide it your whole life, be


data we take from the the u and store somewhere inside us. I.e. We Create memories of the things that happen to us or we encounter.
#### So, have we asked ourself, why on the first place we are recording everything.
The only reason we record things happening around us is to use them in future. 




Good experience is something that is pleasing to our senses. A bad experience is the opposite, that displeases your senses. 
Now, experience is based on the events that we attend to in our daily living. What's good for someone can be displeasing for the other.
* You might love smoking but there are people who hate it.
* you might love a dog. Other might love a cat.



To culminate this, we need to define basic terms.
Pain and pleasure:
Pain = bad experience.
Pleasure = good experience.
we avoid pain and we chase pleasure. So, we are chasing good experience and we are avoiding pain that is bad experience. and we know that experience is past.
So, Memory is helping us to know what to avoid and what to chase.

Commit message:

good and bad experiences based on how the given situation made us feel. Next chapter is about feelings. but before that make a real map how you want to tackle it.

experience.md, after:

lets begin from the begining, from the day we are born.
As we popped out into the world and first thing that happens with us is we experience the existence. All the beep from the monitors and the alien native words, eyes squinting from the tublight, the buzzing electricity in the wires, or the warmth of our mother's comforting voice, everything we experience we experience for the first time. So, Experience is the first thing we should talk about.

### What is experience?
We are born with five senses. That is taste, smell, touch, sound, and see. that is common among every one of us. Now, Experience happen through these god given senses. 
* Anything that is displeasing to our senses is a bad experiences for eg. Screaming, silent farts, hugs, domino's, seeing wet shit under the toilet lid in a public bathroom.
* Anything pleasing to our senses is a good experience. For eg, Sex, beer, aromas, good music.

Our life revolve around satisfying these senses. Because when something satisfy our senses it gifts us with a feeling of pleasure, you know pleasure right, tingling in the heart, the vibrant sensation, that outbursting energy, when you feel you are the king, when you suddenly starts to sing, when your mouth starts to water when the waitress is bringing you your pizza, yes that wholesome feeling, and when someting dis-satisfy our senses it makes everything dull for us and we avoide this dulness all our life. Dulness can be many things and its a safe word, because its much worse. You should see for yourself what happens when something displeases your senses. first we run towards safe pleasures to avoide these feelings that comes when something displeases your senses, and i am dead sure you don't know what is the feeling that happens when something displeases your senses because we collectively avoide them by the instant pleasures. some mignt smoke, some might jerkoff, some might doom scroll on the social media or watch a comfort movie. anything to avoide that dreadful feeeling.

so, experience is the product of the input that is given to your five senses. and to gather experience all you have to do is live, and by living different type of situation will decides what kind of experience you have.
for example: Someone sneeses, we say bless you. During corona, someone sneezed and we say fuck you, pull your mask up or fucking stay in the house.
See, different type of situation makes a experience bad or good.
for example, a girl of your liking kissing you is a pleasing experience, but a bummer from the street kisses you and run is a traumatic experience or bad experience.
> Now, we know that our experience is based on the situation we are encountring. depending upon how the situation interacts with our senses we collect bad and good experiences or memories. If it feels good then, its a good experience. If it feels bad its a bad experience.

So, when every experience depends how it made us feel, then we need to talk about. Feelings. In other words, what is pleasure and what is pain. What is happiness and what is sadness. thats the next chapter.
