pain and pleasure.md, before:


The loop of duality.
1. someone said that we can feel we are alive because we have ups and downs in our life, cheer it. flat line belongs to a dead person.
2. Another man phrased it as and i quote "to live is to suffer and to survive is to find meaning in that suffereing"

 what is a loop, its a circle of death. we are going round and round, stuck into a pattern and one of larger one is the loop of happiness and sadness, the loop of avoiding pain and chasing pleasure. The loop of i like this and i dislike that.
 
 See it in your daily life, we want to control the day but the day is as alive as you are and it has its own momentum and you have to confront that you have no other option. 
 For eg. you choose to rest for the day, you switch off your phone and was planing to sit on your bed and watch movie or sleep or play games. Now, if this will happen or not depend on the day and situation you are in, maybe today your mother need groceries, you relative brother is looking for a college and you have to find it for him, or your girlfriend wants to go out for shopping, or you might get sick because of the food you eat last night, or you wake up with a sharp pain that wont go away and you have to visit the doctor. You can't help it, you have to confront the day now matter what you want with the day. 
 
 "as i was writing this something happende: its winter, and the sun was warm and my mother was cutting the frutis for herself and she thought she should ask me. She screamed from the other room that if i want the fruits, and if yes then ask your brother if he also wants the same."
 I screamd back, that i was writng.
 she said, so, you want it or not, and did you ask you brother if he wants the fruits.
 The momentem was lost so, i choose to take the laptop to her and eat the fruit. I asked my brother if he wants the fruits, he was in a meeting so i left him alone. and i am typing this as i am eating the fruits. 
 you see the day is as alive as me. But if you watch the day closely you will see patterns and a recurring situations you face daily and you can shape the day according to your need.
 I could have said that i am writing dont disturb me. but i am fine with it. I don't care about the interuption because i can write this book anywhere i want, and anytime i want. my likes and dislikes dont bother me much. they are there but on my terms.(fix this text to vague)
 ## Your every day have friction because:
 Becasue the day went by according to your happiness and you likes.
 lets say: you wake up. and you get to know that your mother prepared your favorite food.(likes). you become happy. you took a bath and and suddenly its raining and your father asked you to skip school because the news says the the weather is going to get worse. You don't like to go to school and today you don't have to go. you are on cloud seven and you have experienced the peak of happiness. Now you have all the time to complete your homework and play games. you did your homework and slept for few hours before eating your favorite meal, as soon as you wake up you mouth start to water, as you are thinking about your favorite food. You eat and play game and at night you sleep with a smile wishing all the days should be like this.
 If the day treats you as a king you are happy. and if it does'nt it makes us miserible. 
 when the list of things that we like happens its a wonderfull day and if the list of thing we dislike happens we are miserable.
 Then we have to ask what are these likes and dislikes come into being. Right.
 Remember the early chapter how pleasing any of your five senses gives you plesure and displeasing any of your senses gives you discomfort. When something is plesasing to your senses you record it specially lets take a common example.
 The smell of sand when its raining it somehow pleases your smell sense. You remember it right. how calming it is, you feel good, you make coffee or tea to churn up the experience further. its a pleasure you like it when it happens. (add hermonie scene of smelling potion)
 Then on the other hand pain, oh we like to avoid that no matter the strength of pain we avoid it, as elon musk says" you say you want to be like me, whats your pain threshold" How good are you, managing your pain.
 pain can come from the same pleasurable situation because it depends on the displeasing of the senses. maybe you were enjoying that smell of that first rain when your grandma dies and to save her, your whole family was stuck in the traffic as the grandma is lying in the back seat with you comforting her head and the rain is heavy suddenly everything is melencholic and you are going through some extreme emotions and somehow the day was passed. Now, every time you smell that first rain, your being goes into terror thinking about the same day and you try to avoide that smell because now you cant smell that, it makes you feel bad.
 **So, what is a good experience for you can be a bad for someone else. so, pleasure and pain depends upon the pleasing and displeasing of our senses and pleasing and displeasing depends on the situation we are facing.** *** displeasing really doesent exist if you think about it, it the unknown that hurts ones you are comfortable with unknown everything will make sense, we are secure in ourdaily life and when the bubble of security burst we left with displeasing mind who thought it had security. But there is no security. or when you are partying for days and then suddenly nothing happens and you are alone with yourself, you feel lonely and some feeling of dissatisfaction comes about and you want to feel fulfilled and then there is the desire of the pleasure of fulfilment. When whole day you indulge in pleasure, pelasure after pleasure. what you are left with is boredom, lonelyness and anxiety, when you quit anykind of drug there is anxiety, its same with pleasure, when its not there there is anxiety tere is sadness, and so on so on. you feel lonely because you dont have a relationship with anyone else. and you feel lonely in the crowd because you dont have the kind of relationship you used to had.
 we struggle everyday because our happinesss depend upon when something happens the way we like and sadeness depend upon when something hapens that we dont like.
 we make the rules and suffer it. rule one: no one should disturb you when you are writing. and when someone disturbes you, you go crazy. Here [watch this](https://youtu.be/SPSHHR-YueM?t=119).
 examples.
 
 universal mother in law and daughterinlaw struggle.
 both have dreams.

### Pain and pleasure:


Its a vague term, pain and pleasure are many many different things, like happiness and sadness. Good and bad. like and dislikes, and many more terms. but at top of a chain it comes in the catageory of pain and pleasure.
Pleasure is when something that you wanted happened.
like: you are hungry, your stomach is roaring and you want a large cheese burst pizza and you get it. if it tastes good its pleasure, happiness and your likeness. Because your taste buds are satisfied and its pleasure for you. but if it is made shit and taste bitter then its pain to finish that pizza, because you dislike it you are sad. Depending upon

Commit message:

created a detailed outline to solve the specific problem of suffering and unfulfillment.

pain and pleasure.md, after:


The loop of duality.
1. someone said that we can feel we are alive because we have ups and downs in our life, cheer it. flat line belongs to a dead person.
2. Another man phrased it as and i quote "to live is to suffer and to survive is to find meaning in that suffereing"

 what is a loop, its a circle of death. we are going round and round, stuck into a pattern and one of larger one is the loop of happiness and sadness, the loop of avoiding pain and chasing pleasure. The loop of i like this and i dislike that.
 
 See it in your daily life, we want to control the day but the day is as alive as you are and it has its own momentum and you have to confront that you have no other option. 
 For eg. you choose to rest for the day, you switch off your phone and was planing to sit on your bed and watch movie or sleep or play games. Now, if this will happen or not depend on the day and situation you are in, maybe today your mother need groceries, you relative brother is looking for a college and you have to find it for him, or your girlfriend wants to go out for shopping, or you might get sick because of the food you eat last night, or you wake up with a sharp pain that wont go away and you have to visit the doctor. You can't help it, you have to confront the day now matter what you want with the day. 
 
 "as i was writing this something happende: its winter, and the sun was warm and my mother was cutting the frutis for herself and she thought she should ask me. She screamed from the other room that if i want the fruits, and if yes then ask your brother if he also wants the same."
 I screamd back, that i was writng.
 she said, so, you want it or not, and did you ask you brother if he wants the fruits.
 The momentem was lost so, i choose to take the laptop to her and eat the fruit. I asked my brother if he wants the fruits, he was in a meeting so i left him alone. and i am typing this as i am eating the fruits. 
 you see the day is as alive as me. But if you watch the day closely you will see patterns and a recurring situations you face daily and you can shape the day according to your need.
 I could have said that i am writing dont disturb me. but i am fine with it. I don't care about the interuption because i can write this book anywhere i want, and anytime i want. my likes and dislikes dont bother me much. they are there but on my terms.(fix this text to vague)
 ## Your every day have friction because:
 Becasue the day went by according to your happiness and you likes.
 lets say: you wake up. and you get to know that your mother prepared your favorite food.(likes). you become happy. you took a bath and and suddenly its raining and your father asked you to skip school because the news says the the weather is going to get worse. You don't like to go to school and today you don't have to go. you are on cloud seven and you have experienced the peak of happiness. Now you have all the time to complete your homework and play games. you did your homework and slept for few hours before eating your favorite meal, as soon as you wake up you mouth start to water, as you are thinking about your favorite food. You eat and play game and at night you sleep with a smile wishing all the days should be like this.
 If the day treats you as a king you are happy. and if it does'nt it makes us miserible. 
 when the list of things that we like happens its a wonderfull day and if the list of thing we dislike happens we are miserable.
 Then we have to ask what are these likes and dislikes come into being. Right.
 Remember the early chapter how pleasing any of your five senses gives you plesure and displeasing any of your senses gives you discomfort. When something is plesasing to your senses you record it specially lets take a common example.
 The smell of sand when its raining it somehow pleases your smell sense. You remember it right. how calming it is, you feel good, you make coffee or tea to churn up the experience further. its a pleasure you like it when it happens. (add hermonie scene of smelling potion)
 Then on the other hand pain, oh we like to avoid that no matter the strength of pain we avoid it, as elon musk says" you say you want to be like me, whats your pain threshold" How good are you, managing your pain.
 pain can come from the same pleasurable situation because it depends on the displeasing of the senses. maybe you were enjoying that smell of that first rain when your grandma dies and to save her, your whole family was stuck in the traffic as the grandma is lying in the back seat with you comforting her head and the rain is heavy suddenly everything is melencholic and you are going through some extreme emotions and somehow the day was passed. Now, every time you smell that first rain, your being goes into terror thinking about the same day and you try to avoide that smell because now you cant smell that, it makes you feel bad.
 **So, what is a good experience for you can be a bad for someone else. so, pleasure and pain depends upon the pleasing and displeasing of our senses and pleasing and displeasing depends on the situation we are facing.** *** displeasing really doesent exist if you think about it, it the unknown that hurts ones you are comfortable with unknown everything will make sense, we are secure in ourdaily life and when the bubble of security burst we left with displeasing mind who thought it had security. But there is no security. or when you are partying for days and then suddenly nothing happens and you are alone with yourself, you feel lonely and some feeling of dissatisfaction comes about and you want to feel fulfilled and then there is the desire of the pleasure of fulfilment. When whole day you indulge in pleasure, pelasure after pleasure. what you are left with is boredom, lonelyness and anxiety, when you quit anykind of drug there is anxiety, its same with pleasure, when its not there there is anxiety tere is sadness, and so on so on. you feel lonely because you dont have a relationship with anyone else. and you feel lonely in the crowd because you dont have the kind of relationship you used to had.
 we struggle everyday because our happinesss depend upon when something happens the way we like and sadeness depend upon when something hapens that we dont like.
 we make the rules and suffer it. rule one: no one should disturb you when you are writing. and when someone disturbes you, you go crazy. Here [watch this](https://youtu.be/SPSHHR-YueM?t=119).
 examples.
 
 universal mother in law and daughterinlaw struggle.
 both have dreams.
 
 The loop of duality:
 1. if something happens that you like you are happy. This is pleasure: which in clude all the good sensations and good feelings.
 2. when something happens that you dont like you are sad. this is pain: which include all the discomfort and painfull feeling. which include, sadness, loneliness, boredome, jealousy, envy and so on so on.
 3. naturally we avoid discomfort and run towards the things we like. we chase the pleasure.
 4. example of discomfort that is common for everyone: slap, fever: you are filled with thoughts.
 5. What is discomfort, what is pain, we need to undersatand that because we welcome pleasure.but becasue of pleasure the pain exist. Break the loop and live the fulfilled life you always wanted.
 6. because of pleasure their is pain and because their is pain we are ambitious and we think that acheaving the things we want will fulfil us and fix everything in our life. but people who are where they wanted to be are not fulfilled, the desire to fulfil stays with them till the day they die.
 7. problem with pleasure is that it exhaust over time. because pleasure is not alive and you experiece it in the past. fruit example.
 8. something this is pleasing to your senses right now doesnt mean it will be the same always.
 9. you dont deny pleasure, you just see clearly that the pleasure is happening because of the circumtancces. Same situation that is giving you pleasure right now might left you displeasing in the future. 
 10. pleasure is good when its happening, after that it has no significance. Dont take it with you and compare it with everytime you face the same situation again.
 11. The masterbation to sex story. thank god that we age and as we age we are less sexually aroused.
 12. break the loop of duality and become free, then you will live in the present.
 

mind: 
the problem of language: the world is really unknown.
1. thought is the momories related to the realworld things. there was a girl in my college who used to sell sex for money and when we looked at her all we see was the stories that we heard, that were processing at the back of the mind.
2. imagination is the modification of the memories that we have collected. if you dont know who archeologist are you cant think about them. when creating stories we mix thing and which creates the ilusion that its something new.
3. thinking is the related sister of thought, if thought is not there thinking can not exist. thinking, anticipating the future event
4. thinking is contemplating on something that had happened. 
5. thinking happens in the form of conversation, either we are fixing something in the past, or doing something in the future. which include people. preaching to the croud. giving advice to someone, criticising someone, thinking happen in relation to someone you like or hate. You dont think about the person you dont care about.
3. thinking is desire. wish i could had it.
4. thinking is mechenical, repeating something that you have heard.

### Pain and pleasure:


Its a vague term, pain and pleasure are many many different things, like happiness and sadness. Good and bad. like and dislikes, and many more terms. but at top of a chain it comes in the catageory of pain and pleasure.
Pleasure is when something that you wanted happened.
like: you are hungry, your stomach is roaring and you want a large cheese burst pizza and you get it. if it tastes good its pleasure, happiness and your likeness. Because your taste buds are satisfied and its pleasure for you. but if it is made shit and taste bitter then its pain to finish that pizza, because you dislike it you are sad. Depending upon
