We talked before that on the process of discovering what's the root of human problems we are going to discover two things:-
1. The things that are needed in our life is sneaking into the part of the life where its not needed.
2. That we are stuck in a loop and the moment we discover that we are in a loop we step out of it.

1. The things that are needed are really fucking us because we let them.
being a conscious being means is to see things as they are and everything will find its place.

in this category several things are included. 
like. 
Memory- ability to record good and bad experiences that happened with you in the past.
Thoughts- ability to recall these past experiences.
Thinking -Ability to modify these thoughts through pattern matching, comparing, Anticipation and desire.

1. from it we created language, and we begin to translate everything into words. Forgetting what god has creating for us. See for yourself, when you say"water is cold",what god given cold water feels like, what salt dissolving in your mouth feels like before you say "ts salty."


2. From it we created images: all the memories related to any living or nonliving thing is called image. for example: all the memories related to you father. we need these images to recognize and save ourself from harsh people and harsh existence. but problem comes when we talk to these images in our head that's also called overthinking.
Once you see that images are all memories related to the person. And your memory can only record what happening in-front of you. Its limited. 
For example you see a man on a stage and stadium full of people are cheering for him. You record it and the you anticipate by seeing yourself there and desire forms where you want to be at that place.

But you cant see how many years of hard work is there to reach what you are recording in your mind in an instant. 
If you want a life to look at a tree, playing with the dogs and go on picnic. Then you wont get it because this guy must be on a tour where he is going to repeat himself hundreds of time, he might speak same thing a hundred time for hours till his throat bleed. Memory is limited and can't see the truth, behind every thing it see or record. Really when you see enough time that memory is limited, it wont interfere, where its not needed. 

As I said their is nothing to solve just shit to see, and remove it.




