Life is new and fresh every moment, which means its also uncertain what going to happen we don't know. Really. We don't know. and we do accept it but we try to hide from it. Uncertainty is the truth of life. 
For example you want to watch a cricket match in a stadium and you are in dubai and you hear that the match is between south africa and australia. You book the ticket and you are excited and unfortunately rain starts to pour. You sit there with a broken heart. 
This is just a simple example of uncertainty. Our whole existence is about dealing with this uncertainty and this god given memory is here to save us, this though, this beloved thinking is here to save us. And now we are at a point that we are safe mostly, you don't fear for your life on a daily basic, or you don't starve and find food. Our god given entity has saved us. 

Now that we are safe mostly. We assume that the uncertainty doesn't exist. But thats wrong, uncertainty is not dangerous, one part of it is dangerous but its been dealt with, we are safe. But major part of uncertainty still here.
The moment we see the beauty of that major part of uncertainty the process of memory will automatically shutoff, when not needed.

suppose you are in your backyard and you see a bird you have never seen before. Omg, even though its known bird among others, you see it for the first time. You see it every day now. And you are not as surprised as the first time you saw it.
why? let me ask you this question.

when you first saw that bird it was unknown but now you have seen it few more time, is it become known or is it still unknown.

It is still unknown but because you have a memory of it, I doesn't surprise you.

That the place where memory is not needed. because it can make a beautiful sunset seem dull. The moment you form a memory of something magnificent, the magnificence thing about the thing you are looking at is gone when you revisit it, because you have a memory of it.

When you see that the world is as unknown as it was when we became conscious. just because we created language and started naming thing, we think that everything is known.

A tree consist of brown wood. A brown bark. Branches. green leaves.

these words represent unknown things that we have to name so that we can talk about it. The color brown is not really brown, but is unknown and sacred which we choose to call brown.

same with green, same with branch, same with wood. these words make sacred unknown things known, but in fact nothing is known, everything is unknown. when you see this, the memory wont interfere, when you look at a tree, you can look at the wood your whole life and you won't know it.

When I say, look at that flower. I am pointing at an unknown thing that god created and we named it flower. When it gave the scent, it was the sweetness that god gave us and we named it scent and made it dull. When you see this the memory will not intervene, when you smell a flower.

When we are safe, the uncertain is beautiful and lively, every moment is fresh because everything is unknown. yet we are capable of creating what we have created so far for comfort.

Knowledge is made by men for the convenience of men. Not to let it make our life dull. When you see this the memory won't interfere when you don't need it.

This language is the main culprit that is needed for survival but it equally makes our life dull.

---
Memory is past experience that are either good and bad. So, we go towards good and move away which is bad.

That good can save us and please us and that bad can ruin us. and mostly the bad is this uncertainty that can take away all the good. 
let me tell you an earthquake is enough to take away all the good.

But if we accept this uncertainty as the truth of life, its beautiful and equally dangerous.

And you have security, like a home, a wife, a job, a car, a kid, a bike, and quality food. and friends and all the things that gives you pleasure and security.

You are waking on a thin ice, any moment things can go wrong. and it goes wrong all the time and thats why we suffer. really, see it. This fake sense of security that you feel you have produces anxiety that one day you could loose all of it. Its extreme, I know but, this false sense of security is the reason we suffer. let me show you.

How this make you stuck in a loop.

The sense of security vs the uncertain, beautiful life.
Here the sense of security is all the things that you think are good.

Uncertainty is the life that is fresh every moment.

If you like coffee today, this uncertainty might give you a shitty coffee tomorrow

The memories of today are irrelevant tomorrow, if you expect the same coffee everyday, you are limited.
This is a very simple sane example.

The truth is simple, the things that you know you like, you know because you liked it in the past and you have a memory of it.
When you hate something, you hate it in the past because you have a memory of it, so you avoid it in the present and in future.

Thats our life, we are what we hate and like, and we force this past into the present and then into the future.
You carry the past into the future saying, something new is happening. But you are carrying your past pleasure and you cry when the pleasure goes away.

If you see beyond the mechanism of memory, you will see that time has a totally different meaning. I won't spill out for you, it will sound absurd. find for yourself.
but when memory is there, the time has past, because we have memories to proof it. and the now, which is present. Now future is uncertain we know that. but for us past is the future.

I want to become a writer, I thought it in the past. Now i will learn to writer. and hopefully I will become a writer in the future.

When memory is, the time is. When memory is not, then time is not. Only life is.

In truth, past is all the collected memory, future is the part of memory, that is thinking through anticipating.

past is memory, future is anticipation.

when memory is not, the time is not.

A conscious being is not of time, but can function in time wit ease. An ignorant one is stuck in the loop of time.

So, lets discover the loops.                  