We deal with uncertain life, by grabbing on to the pleasures it gives us and we forget that life is uncertain. As it gave pleasure, It will give pain also.

This above text feels like and divine intervention, that we need to follow and see.

One finds that life is uncertain and new every moment. When one gets out of the loop.

1. The loop of happiness and sadness. If you are happy, the sadness will come. If you are sad, the happiness is come.
But when you see that the source of happiness and sadness is same. things will change. The moment you choose something that will make you happy, on that moment that choice is bound to make you sad, maybe not today but tomorrow.

Another truth I discovered that if one is sad or suffering is not a problem to be solved. But that sadness and suffering is the consequences of a choice you made it in the past.
As I said, We can not solve the human problems like we solve a math problem.
Our solution is in the cause of the problem.
Either you remove the cause. Or accept the truth that you can't do anything about the cause. and most of the time you could do something about it, but we don't because we look for the solution of the problem.

When we begun to see the cause of the problem, you can do so many things about it.

## Desire and Dissatisfaction:
You are walking on a street and you saw a women, as beautiful as an angel and you desire her, thats natural.

Desire is natural. As we talked about, its a natural process of thinking. Which is Pattern matching, comparing, anticipating and desire.

You saw a women and you pattern match and compared it with your data and found out that she is beautiful. 
(You might find lady gaga a beauty, but for me its jennifer laurence, why because the data related to beauty is different for me and different for you that's why what I find beautiful you might find ugly)
You imagine yourself kissing her, or flirting with her, you anticipated. and desire is formed that you want her.

same thing happened with the coffee, or a tea or a cigarette, you desired and you drank or smoked because you could.
You can desire a women from a street, desire is beautiful but you can't act on it because, its inappropriate. If its not, we hear the news all the time, what compulsive men do.

Desire is not real, desire means what you don't have or what you are going to do. You desire, then only you raise your had. you can't raise your hand if you don't desire first.
Its crucial. 
But when desire comes in where its not needed, it creates problems.
for example, you saw stadium full of people cheering for a man. You desire to be there, and you spent years of you life but you failed. you are dis-satisfied. and to fill that dis-satisfaction, you indulge in many pleasurable situation like smoking, numbing yourself by drinking. Or spending money on prostitution.

The thing you desire are the reason for you dis-satisfaction.
The source of a beautiful desire and dis-satisfaction is same.

So, the source of happiness and sadness is same.
The source of desire and dis-satisfaction is same.

because we arestuck in the loops, we are sad and dis-satisfied, so naturally we indulge in pleasure because, we know that satisfing our sense give us pleasire.
we purue activities which pleases us. reading a book, instageam, entertainmet, cricket, tasty food, drugs, girlfriend, marriage anything that can satisfy us.
and we get attached and depend on these activities like travelling, sex and so many things that we do. habits,compulsions.

and when uncertain life takes these pleasures away.

loneliness and boredum come.
to avoid that we find more pleasure. we get sutck again in the loop of chasing pleasure, avoiding pain. and it grows. to a point. when life feels worthless and we want to die.

But if we face these loops we will find that loneliness and boredom is an illusion. a gap between one pleasure activity into another is boredome.
The gap between changing one set of pleasure with another set of pleasures is called loneliness.

But we pursue pleasure  because we are dis satisfied and sad.

and then we find that the source of sadness and disatisfaction and happinmess and desire is same.

The only option we have it to step out of it.

I struggled, because I didn't knew what would I do, if I step out of it. I did, because I was sufering. I stopped all action, I booked a ticket home and lived there. And I descovered that I am destined to suffer, The society is rigged in a way that one bound to suffer if one is not ambitious. 

When we step out of every loop. the we will find that only incertainity is there. This uncertainity gives pleasure as well as uncomfortable situation.

when you step out, you are not looking for happiness and desire. yet you went for a coffee and the coffee wasgood. Un expected pleasue. You appriciated it.
old you might visit this shop again and again until he exhausted the taste. because he is sad and dis satisfied.

when you step out, you will meet with unexpected pleasures and because years of indulgence you might carry that pleasure. 

thats why we need to be conscious. we are conscious but because we have abused ourself, I might take time to minefest. But when you fall, you will get up because, you know what is causing this. Life become effortless.

the obivious thing you can do is to find a vocation. its an activity that you do because you like to do, you do it even if no one pays you. For me its writing, I do it, I am doing it since I was in school. My brother loves to code, and people pay for it. But he doesn't do it because he wants money or anything else. But the activity of writing and coding is therapeutic. but once desire took over it. Like I want to be the greatest writer of all time. you are calling for trouble.
but if you write, because you love it the grateness will come, not because you want it. but its the consciquinces of you getting better everyday. then a stupid guy will look at you sucess and spent his years failing misuribly, competing for greatness. He is bound to suffer.

All the great people are great not because they wanted it, but because it was a consciquewnce of there vocation. look for people who are doing things for the sake of doing it well.

not the ambitious people who achieve things competing. look at sharukh khan, he has everything a man would desire, yet he smokes 100 cigarette. Ambitious people are always calling dissatisfaction and sadness. Sharukh khan is the one who achieved what he wanted, and a million still exist who dream to be like sharukhan. You might get inspiration from him, but when you know desire calls for what. 
so, do you have anything that you like doing, like watering the trees and plant. caring for street dogs or coding, maths, physics, archeology, acting. anything that you like to do. or you are in a war since you went to school where you don't want to suffer.

When you step out of this loop you know you will find that all the people around you are still suffering and now that you know, what's causing this, action will happen. its needed.

when you are not suffering, is the point when you are not selfish. you are thinking about the other, the animals, th people or any life that is here.

The process of memory is the process of the self. When it goes away. you are selfless, the love will pour, the compassion will flower.

The beauty behind the process of memory is un explainable, one come to it naturally or its always there but hidden behind the process of memory.