## These loops are what we call life.   

Really till you don't realise that  you are stuck in loops of your memory process. This is life. And we pray to god, to keep it all together, to keep it all safe. But ones you see the loops you are in, you will love god even more for letting you see what a  billion of people wont see, because they are busy in praying. That god will fix everything for you. He will but, he has made you equally capable of dealing with the shit, you are dealing with. Maybe through me you will see it, but in the end you have to see for yourself if you are stuck in loops or not. If your accept what I am saying. Nothing will change.

The reason we don't see because there are deep layers of shit we have to cross, and as you cross you will see. But you have to do the crossing. I can only point it out for you.

I have shown you how your memories lead you to these loops.
But you will have to see, from the bottom. Bottom are. The habits that we are in everyday. Habits are the tricks of the brain for you to stay sane. Otherwise the pain of ignorance is so intense that you might not want to live. Habits are the obnious attempt of you brain to save you.

these loops that we call life as of now. Is hope full yet hope less. So, we live in anxiety for loosing the hopeful and in depression for the hopeless part of life where things are not going your way. Please see the loops and step out of it, not because I am saying but becasue you see that its the obvious way out.

Because we are stuck in the loops, we are sad and dis-satisfied, so naturally the next function of memory comes into being. That are habits.

## Habits are the things we do every day, and mostly its pleasure that we indulge in everyday to deal with the loops of happiness and sadness, desire and dis-satisfaction.
we indulge in pleasure because, we know that satisfing our sense give us pleasire.
we purue activities which pleases us. reading a book, instageam, entertainmet, cricket, tasty food, drugs, girlfriend, marriage anything that can satisfy us.
and we get attached and depend on these activities like travelling, sex and so many things that we do. habits,compulsions.

So, when we are dis satisfied with our life, yet we are hopeful(loop) we get attached to these habits, and pleasures that keep us sane. Activity after activity. We can't sit with ourself. Try it, try to sit for 10 minutes, where you will do nothing, not even thinking.
You couldn't do it.

and when uncertain life takes these pleasures away.

loneliness and boredum come. loneliness is the gap between your usual pleasure to new set of pleasures.
Boredum is the gap between one pleasure activity to another pleasure activity.



to avoid this loneliness and boredom, we find more pleasure. we get sutck again in a loop of chasing pleasure, avoiding pain. and it grows again and again. to a point. when life feels worthless and we want to die.

But if we face these loops we will find that loneliness and boredom is an illusion. a gap between one pleasure activity into another is boredome.
The gap between changing one set of pleasure with another set of pleasures is called loneliness.

When you see that you are chasing different set of pleasure to avoid this loneliness and boredom which springs from the pleasures you chased last time when you felt lonely and bore. The process itself will shatter. and you will be ready to face this loneliness.
and when you face this loneliness you will find that because you are dis-satisfied and sad, you pursue pleasure.  then you will discover the loops of happiness and sadness, desire and dis satisfaction.

And when you step out of these loops, you will face the process of memory that was causing these problems.

Then going beyond these processes will be in your hand.

You know I struggled, because I didn't knew what would I do, if I step out of it. I did stepped out, because I was sufering. I stopped all action, I booked a ticket home and lived there. 

When we step out of every loop. the we will find that only uncertainity is there. This uncertainity gives pleasure as well as uncomfortable situation.

when you step out, you are not looking for happiness and desire. yet you went for a coffee and the coffee wasgood. Un expected pleasue. You appriciated it.
old you might visit this shop again and again until he exhausted the taste. because he is sad and dis satisfied.

when you step out, you will meet with unexpected pleasures and because years of indulgence you might carry that pleasure and get stuck in the loop again.
but its easier to step out the second time. because you know. 

thats why we need to be conscious. we are conscious but because we have abused ourself, I might take time to minefest. But when you fall, you will get up because, you know what is causing this. Life become effortless.

