## Your true vocation.
the obivious thing you can do is to find a vocation. its an activity that you do because you like to do, you do it even if no one pays you. For me its writing, I do it, I am doing it since I was in school. My brother loves to code, and people pay for it. But he doesn't do it because he wants money or anything else. But the activity of writing and coding is therapeutic. but once desire took over it. Like I want to be the greatest writer of all time. you are calling for trouble.
but if you write, because you love it the grateness will come, not because you want it. but its the consciquinces of you getting better everyday. then a stupid guy will look at you sucess and spent his years failing misuribly, competing for greatness. He is bound to suffer.

All the great people are great not because they wanted it, but because it was a consciquewnce of there vocation. look for people who are doing things for the sake of doing it well.

not the ambitious people who achieve things competing. look at sharukh khan, he has everything a man would desire, yet he smokes 100 cigarette. Ambitious people are always calling dissatisfaction and sadness. Sharukh khan is the one who achieved what he wanted, and a million still exist who dream to be like sharukhan. You might get inspiration from him, but when you know desire calls for what. 
so, do you have anything that you like doing, like watering the trees and plant. caring for street dogs or coding, maths, physics, archeology, acting. anything that you like to do. or you are in a war since you went to school where you don't want to suffer.

When you step out of this loop you know you will find that all the people around you are still suffering and now that you know, what's causing this, action will happen. its needed.

when you are not suffering, is the point when you are not selfish. you are thinking about the other, the animals, th people or any life that is here.

The process of memory is the process of the self. When it goes away. you are selfless, the love will pour, the compassion will flower.

The beauty behind the process of memory is un explainable, one come to it naturally or its always there but hidden behind the process of memory.