Karma yoga. Bhakti yoga.

They say(I mean sadhguru say) karma yoga is that you devote you time for others, get involved in something other then yourself,and you will unfold faster.
I say, he need volunteers for his large organization and he wants you to do karma yoga, be selfless.

But here's the thing. What I discovered that Selflessness, compassion, love manifests itself when you go beyond the process of your memory.

Two simple example: We as a family visited a flower garden, It was big. But that day, at least a thousand school kids also visited, they were from different schools and they were all in a line and managing them self beautifully. Every school had a different line. Then there were us, normal public, making space for ourself.

We couldn't stop. Because then the lines of kids will break and it could manifest chaos, but my father was high on anticipation.
His friends go to places and click picture and put them on whatsapp group and talk about it. It was fun and my father thought that this is his chance to send pictures in the whatsapp group. So, he would just stop at a potential spot and the line would break and kids get agitated. seeing them agitated, my mother and brother would get agitated and I get panicked because I am the one clicking picture. Its In my hand to stop the chaos to manifest if I click good pictures quickly.

What was happening was, my father was stuck in the the process of memory, he was looking at a potential spot to click picture and he would anticipate him sending the picture in the whatsapp group after looking at the picture he anticipating the conversation around that clicked picture.

But on the other hand my mother and brother was considerate about the kids, because they are not at that time involved in their process of memory.

When ever you see a selfish human, you should know that he or she is stuck in his memory process.

Going beyond the memory is what make you considerate of others.
You help others because god will help you multifold is another selfish thing to do. its a part of the memory process.

Consideration comes, when self is not. Where you don't consider yourself because you have seen through the process of memory, and you know that the person who is selfish is stuck in his memory process, nothing can make you angry because you are selfless, not because you volunteer at Isha institute, But because you are above your memory process, and you know where to use it and where it's not needed.

The truth is you are not selfless, and the only thing you have is karma yoga. 
What karma yoga is that you face every situation, either pleasurable or miserable. see, how you react in every situation. Question every reaction you have.

collect data. See what are the thing make you angry. Get angry ten times, not purposefully but when ever you get angry watch yourself what flicked you.
You will find that, you want life should revolve around you and when it doesn't you get angry, jealous, envious. These seven sins are there because life is not going your way.

This is karma yoga. You are watchful and you discover things about you when you face fear, see what's happening.
When you cant quit smoking, see what's happening in background.
When you want to take a bath but you don't for a week or for few  days. watch, what stops you.
Human problem have causes. Something has to be there.
Match what you discover with this book.