Sadhguru.

The thing with abuse is for the first few times you go in denial that the situation was like that, that's why it happened, but after few times your brain get used to it.

I have seen cases where the married women who get herself slapped and beaten for the mistake she didn't even done, talking and gossiping about things that didn't even matter. 
I am like women, wipe your lips, the blood is coming out and a spot on her head is purple. When asked about it, she would say, "Oh, this. Its usual, I don't care" I was a kid and I still remember. I don't know where she will be now. I hope she had left that cruel man.

What I am trying to say is, you abusing with mouth, or indulging in bad habit, overthinking, restlessness, scratching you head or repeating sentences in your mind, biting nails, the way you walk everything that's make you, you. Is there because you let the process of memory enter where its not needed, because you were unaware of the things that were needed for you to know as a child. But because no one taught us, because no one taught them because britishers or Mughal had killed all the teachers that were needed to create the sane beings for this nation. What ever was the reason. We became unaware.

We live in anxiety and we might not know, that what unawareness is.

But, what if I say there is a way to fix yourself with in ten days.

Thats where sadhguru comes in, he provides spiritual illusions for people, so don't follow him, he is a business man and he has products and he is a real business man and he has products. Like shambahvi mahamudra and shoonya meditaion.

I see people on reddit  saying that these thing work but when I stop doing them I am again miserable.

so, they opt for more programs to stay sane and do four to five hour yoga  everyday because they don't know what to do if not these yoga practices. they cry if they miss for one day.
If you know the memory process, one more thing this memory process is same among all the human beings, it might manifest in different ways but at the basic level working is still same for every one, so, if you know the  memory process. they were indulged in material pleasure and it got exhausted and they felt lonely and suffering manifested, so they opt in for the spiritual pleasure, I wonder when will it get exhausted. or it will not, because they are dreaming to get enlightenment, where no problem exist and you become a mystic.
If you know the memory process, they looked at an enlightened man sadhguru, they creaded an image about it and they anticipated them self reaching the ultimate and desire is born and they are taking action.
Need to go beyond the memory process.

So, sadhguru comes in, when you do shambhavi mahamudra after attending the painful hours of inner engineering. 
This practice work on your energies, yes this is real, test for yourself, and after a week or so you finally feel good. Now, leave it for three days. Now you will see all the problematic stuff manifesting in your self. They were there but because of this practice you were able to see the bad manifestation. 
Now, you can become aware, collect data and if it go to much, again do the kriya for seven days. see, things getting normal.
again leave it and see how problems are manifesting.

Like when you do this practice, the things that made you angry are not making you angry. But when you left the practice, it hits hard again that's the reason many people who do these practice get attached ti them because they don't want to suffer.

But, as mother teresa said "Suffering and pain are like the kiss of jesus" what she meant was, when you face the suffering see how it is manifesting. What is happening in the background when you get angry.
Collect enough data about the background process of all the reactions you have in you. The intelligence will manifest itself.
This intelligence is the byproduct of you being aware of all the background process that springs from your ability to record past experiences that we call memories.

As the ability of having a memory give birth to the thoughts(the ability to recall the memories) and it give birth to thinking and so on to the habits , attachments and dependencies.

Knowing and seeing this process as clear as sky, birth the intelligence. Then you are a conscious being. A conscious being lives above the process of his memory.
And his intelligence decides what action is needed and what action is not needed.

Disclaimer: Don't dream about what a conscious being is, you are indulging in the process of your memory where it got new information and it is pattern matching and anticipating that you are a conscious being and desire is formed and you act to become a conscious being.

You have to understand that you are selfless, you are compassionate, you are love but these things are smeared by your memory process. there is nothing you can do to be these things. See the shit, see what is causing the shit to manifest, It will naturally get removed.

I hope you discover the god given gift to us, before you discover the compassion and selflessness try to enjoy easily available god given gifts like salt, sugar, or and orange. Before saying. Oh its bitter see what bitter feels like. Before saying oh its sweet, feel what sweet feels like. Before saying oh! the sun is hot. feel what hot sun feel like. 

Collect data, match pattern, compare, anticipate, desire.
This is the only tool you have which fucks you when you are unaware and which will liberate you when you are aware of it.

Okkkk then, byee!