You have given an overwhelming amount of information where the fuck should I begin ?

Thats the thing you can begin from anywhere. Pick a chapter you like and try to see if its true.

When I say the source of happiness and sadness is the same. Collect data by watching yourself everyday, See if, what I say is true. Not in a day take time and collect data, watch yourself see when something makes you happy, does it make you sad also next day or after a year. Or something that made you sad now, used to make you happy.

When I say you avoid loneliness and boredom by pursuing pleasure, and this pursuing of pleasure is the cause of loneliness and boredom. Its a cycle. When you face loneliness and boredom, its you thinking or desiring things you used to have, now that they are not there you get lonely. You see it, in your life when you feel bored or lonely, collect data from your life by living and see if its true. Thats the thing about illusion, you collect enough data related to any illusion or loops, it shatters without you doing anything.

When I say the desire and dis satisfaction have same source. collect data and see the loop. Its not a day's work, but it only needs you to watch your life in every situation you face. Catch the loop or illusion when its acting in a situation.
Watch yourself getting angry and see what made you angry. collect data. and you will find that when things or people don't go your way you go angry. weather you are right or wrong it doesn't matter. See whats happening as a function of your being.

when I say language fucks us when we use it inside our head. Collect data by  watching yourself when you use language in your head. You will find that either your are translating everything into a language,(everything means, god given sensations or just your thought that is triggered by your five senses, for example, your mind flashes an image of you brushing your teeth and you translate it saying in your mind, I should brush my teeth). Or using language in your head to talk to or criticize a person or a crowd. See it and collect data, by watching yourself. you will find this you talk to people in your head, because you know that they will say because you have an image about them.

Experiment, tease yourself into reveling stuff. try to talk to a person you have seen and met only ones or twice, start an argument. You cant. But the person you hate, he lives rent free in your head, because you have created an image for that person. If you don't know what images are, go back to the chapter where I talked about images. and try to collect data for yourself. You still have to do the collecting, other wise this book is just words, they can only point out. you have to see for yourself. When you are stuck, read the related chapters and then watch yourself again.

Just last one,(laugh emoji). When I say that you can't solve human problem like a math problem try to see what it means, don't follow it. Collect data. you will find these kind of sentences that will make you not see things. 
I should not do this, I should do this. I must do this. She must do this, They must do it. I must not do this. These sentences are rules you put on yourself. Or other put on you.
these Sentences are the solutions you yourself give to yourself or other people give you. And they will create more problem. 
All we need to do is Don't get stuck in these questions, because they are solutions. And we are looking for the cause of things that are bad in or life. 

When you look for the cause, there are no questions. Just you trying to see what's behind the anger, envy, jealousy these seven deadly sins. You will find that these come when people and things does not go your way or the way you imagined. After you see the cause, you will find the causes of the causes, until you reach where only you collect memories and shit comes from it, which is necessary for surviving and working but worthless when you are sitting alone, or talking to your wife or walking in a park or most part of living, because we are safe as a species and lives comfortably. To become a great carpenter you need memory and stillness and precision and all the process that could make your life hell. Once you see it, you will have no choice but to drop it where they are not needed but ues it in full when required when needed. Even walking needs strong memory otherwise you will strode like a drunk or slither like a snake because your memory is corrupt.