We have come a long way, alright at the door step of the solutions. The essay's about the solution made us realize that our system of solving a problem is faulty.
We can not solve a Human problem like a math problem.
Human problem are almost and always inter-related illusions that we need to see and eradicate(remove something from existence).

## Real solutions.
Now this is the real deal, not the words but the thing that I am pointing out for you. It might be possible that most of the concept might seem alien to you but trust me if you see them you can't ignore it. No matter what situation you are in these things are always be the source of every human problems.
See them or ignore them but you should know that they are there screaming at your face all the time for you to see. Please see them, it took me a long time to see but I hope this book will help you to see things the way I see them and correct me if you discover something that doesn't align with this book. I can discuss further and this book will always be open for you to disproof it. I would appreciate it, if you  are able to prove this book wrong. lets begin.

---

We know that solving a Human problem lies in the cause of that problem. So what I am going to do is point out common causes and branch further in the problems they are causing.

### Listing the causes:
We will discover few patterns related to these causes:-
* Most of the time we will discover that we are stuck in the loop, like snake eating its own tail. And seeing that the most obvious thing we do is we step out of the loop and everything will be fine and even if we find ourself in the loop we can surely deal with it because we know, what's happening. 

* Second thing we will discover is that the things that are needed in our life are somehow sneaking in the parts of our life where they are not needed.

List of the causes:
1. Memory is the only cause of every human suffering. We are chatgpt but a conscious version, to live in this world we need the chat gpt part to survive and that it that's the only use of memory. but it creates its webs  all around us.
1. first thing it do is it associate things and creates remeberence, so when you look at the object all the memories realted to that object just appares informnt of you. and there are a million objects to see and react to, and we get lost in the re


2. The game of pleasure
3. Your reality vs your desire.
4. The game of memory, thought and the thinker