The straight forward answer is that the human memory is the cause of human suffering. The ability of having a memory is so grand that if not keep in check it can cause a lot of harm to our system. But to see that the memory is the root cause of every suffering we need to see how using memory we gets to the suffering part.

so, how the memory plays out in our life, Its needed and we know it we can't do the things we do if we don't form memories.

Problem is not the memory itself but born out of it is the most powerful thing called thought, which can use memory to do thing. Like write a novel. You learn a language and are ready to write anything. if you dont have the memory, you cant learn. but you learn and now you have equipped thought with a language which can writer a novel. Now how thought is born. I don't know, I mean I see it  but can't explain it. I will tell you later. But what I can tell you that chatgpt is based on how human brain work. Some guy mimicked a neuron in our brain thorugh a mathematical equation, like we store our memory in the neurons. The mathamitical neureon can carry 0 and 1 and all the didital data can be pass through it. 

Like we live life and store data. the ai also go through all the data we have created through living. and after it is trained. you could ask it question and magically it answers you perfectly.

But the know problem is that although we know that the answer is comming form the data we hav trained the ai on. how it is using this data to answer. we don't know. 
so you feed imformation to an mathematical neuron and I can creat thought. and same with us thought depend on memory. If the memory is not there. The thought is not.
